1.) Author of the report: Suganthi Jaganathan

2.) Title of the report: Pre-processing the data in Network Virtualization

3.) What did you like about the report? 
	Report is good if considering as a summary document. 
	Sentence structure is good. 
	Tried to exaplain the concepts in generalized form. 
	Algorithm selection is good. 	

4.) What did you not like?
	There are many technical terminologies that are used but not explained well. 
	Algorithm working is not explained. 
	Figures used are not explained. 
	No background knowledge is provided. 
	Problem statement is unclear.
	

5.) How could the writeup be improved?
	Provide the structurized problem statement
	Provide more details about the VNE
	Explain Structure of the Algorithm (i.e. main components/paramenters that are part of every algorithm)
	Author explained three different categoreies of algorithms, those categories should be explained.
	Takecare of missing referneces, few grammer mistakes  
Comment on topic and content as well as on style, language, grammar, ...)






1.) Author of the report: Sanket Kumar Gupta 
2.) Title of the report: Segment Routing.based Service Chaining for NFV
3.) What did you like about the report? 
	Title is well explained in the seminar report.
	Sentence structure is good with good selection of words.
 
4.) What did you not like?
	Flow of paper was bit confusing, i.e. explaining one topic very deep, and next section is new topic with no relation between current and previous section.
	Two section heading are very long,and not good selection of section headings.
	Few concepts that are explained in almost every section, that can be avoided with internal referencing.
	No Related work explained.
   
5.) How could the writeup be improved?
	Take care of punctuation and few spelling mistakes 
	Try to rearrange the sections i.e. section 6 can be moved up.
	Few mistakes of refering to figures in content i.e. 9 graph instead use In fig.9, graphs shows etc
Comment on topic and content as well as on style, language, grammar, ...)
